hello my calculations are pretty much more or less
230 okay mother I want to do this second
video about the time where more people
suicidal the fucking christmas today I'm going to
talk about the things that piss me off
Christmas and Christmas Eve number 1
uncles gave them with good vibes if you see them
separately chinga but together light in
a fucking family scene and especially
at Christmas and children are well castros
of the fuck is not missing again the
click on template like this
and the boyfriend
I would say it takes things and your
pinchetti award is that if I am
divorced heat to me respects me but if
you are married hunting because the
attiyah
and you clauditate for when for when
order and the biggest child since the
air is already two years old is not so
easy after you better put you
to change because if I do not want
have a nephew and sm-chili hard
because they are given the train bastards and so
until he was ping city are now mister
yellow I grab it on 3 when my
Eggs I am not anymore nor do I want not to
like to walk between uncle drunk
put up the ass there is always no this
bastard we all always have a fucking
you delete the report of the music api
young people 2t I want to dance
I love it and if it's hitting screams no
is hitting what we are writing
and I say also worse vomit up here
to normal
if not ill always make it happen
embarrassments of wife arrives and david venn
so that he has been drunk and we
we go to the house for home coming to
sheep
I'm here counting on the boys
'no tico de cuadritos bonito a los por
some fucking
juanito encantado
It is a website to the pinches uncles number 2
the gifts when you're a child the only thing
that you are interested in are the pinches gift
the net will love you the fucking clothes you
mother worth everything else and click on
she always gave me pure breast
the gift that the one who does it
There are so many assholes opening them and here I continue
of face with the data of the fuck in
the claw to a people is for you
you organize a people and because they make you
missing the videos organized who if still
needs to organize the 30 years of
Other gifts that I had left were the
pinches joy toys that were
pure bullshit that the truth game
of chemistry become a chemist
5 years normally bastard
pizzi chemical 25 years that in hueva now
yes I would like the chemistry game but
to pee methamphetamine
click grandma who always wants
solve all the gifts weaving mom
I brought you a matisse hat and I'm going to
This shit is how to play
thank good for very nice the
hat
for cooler number 3 the dinner the pool
you're not excited anymore , it's always the same
girl was already up dinner you're worth it
because Romerito is always fucking
cod stuffed the same chingadera me
I do not understand why he has to do what
same always because not suddenly for
vary we're going for a clue or because
no chinese food sushi any other without
gas because I pay egg because instead of
kill so much principality imagine all
the countries for those who kill tonight
the filling with raisins because they want
put everything is already rich to cycle
water you have to put peace easy channel me
peace but so that it is for evil or for
that not everything can be perfect and if pau
all dry and the stuck Christmas food
is who you now go to commercials at
new but because there is the blessed
reheated that is rich is fine at
next day it was delicious has
something the pinche reheated that day
next you would be glory is it seems
good still rich to the other fucking days
keep on knowing the so the hair is that
the hotdog gives you up
Five months later
nice and no not having more dessert payment
number 4 the little tree and the
christmas tree because because a pine
because if he has to make us a pine
because it can not be a plum tree
will watch with or egg fucking pines and a
who came up with this idea and we're going to
cut a brush be alive a little tree what
let's go into the house to see it there
worth seeing how it dies if
we very happy, click on the tree
dying lipot suffered bastard no
bastard is because they put us another
chingadera that apart from a chingadera
decorate the tree at the beginning the best
all be emotional and hurt myself
I put with the star of Christmas the
birth and the fuck but the most
ended the Christmas pision the penalty of the
still there he wants to remove it there are some
pizzas saplings of birth jumps
halloween the year that comes so sweet and
all with the scope or because he has not
removed the pizza and lights neighbor fashionable
now walking dead 'in europe is very
European the little light normally number 5
so much cloud and this floor and fat vice
Marrano such an end for taking so much physical k
tail and still
they put tracks from your house to be so
clear that a letter comes
because we want you to be good to the
Fucked up and obviously we're going to die
they are going to clog up the pinche arteries
and of a heart attack the pinche santaclós
then meca that dads you blackmail
with the pinche jump clot if you do not wear
it's going to bring coal here without gas
they have brought anyone nobody coal
they have brought coal
behave as I told them the egg will take
will bring you what you think until the
fat is good the piss and fat
do not go too far , do not ask us
pinches toys very expensive because file
battle the fat I want no if the
battle of something else
It is assumed that the prick Santacles enters
in the houses by the and look how it's going to
fit the weirdest skewer by the fireplace
clear because everyone in Mexico has and
looking where they are concentrated in haiti
victims and wags not for winning
It has just shakes the pinches
cartoons have if mlr
and if it does not enter the chimney where
the bastard enters the door clamp
get to think that although dangerous or
be 100 you get fat you can get into
our house something we are doing wrong
the pizza and lock is very good
also the sheet bastards because if not
they 're going to get in there for trees only
is a little bastard I'm going to
resign I want to wish you
Now, trust, be it, jokes of the fuck
a very happy Christmas that is peace in
with the family that is the most important thing
who value things really
important the vice health that the only thing
what matters is better for pure
cock is highlighted health nor is there
money, there are no cars, there is nothing
serve pee and health is the most
important
another value in the family if you removed all
people that love and someday and I do not know
They are going to die someone god want it
Do not talk to me Tuesday value in pencil
families I want many gallons many
thank you for being following me in my
shows this year may be by the way
receiving the new Hermosillo in
cairo so that it goes yesterday that now we
let's put a click what they were in
January we'll see you on the 16th in the soul room
in cholula and on January 23 in
Guadalajara on the floor and tribeca I want
bastard I send you a fucking kiss
they follow their mother
to
ah